Add API Endpoint description for Get grouped trace metrics (#112)
instana/openapi: spec/descriptions/getTraceGroups.md

> Use this endpoint if one wants to get metrics for traces grouped under endpoint name or service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API endpoint retrieves metrics for traces that are grouped in the endpoint or service name.

```

> <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Note:** In this endpoint, the supported `groupbyTag` are `trace.endpoint.name` and `trace.service.name`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported `groupbyTag` are `trace.endpoint.name` and `trace.service.name`. 
{: note}

```
